Don't you forget.
After you married my father, you kept stealing from the future
He always carries fruit
Go to the amusement park to meet you privately
Of course I know his name
What a pity!
The dog's custody is in my hands
Ah we depend on each other
But just one every day.
Rotten eggs need to be washed every day
Garbage picker
I don't know if this kid can take it
That's enough!
Give me custody of Guoguo
I promise you anything you want.
Really, I want 100 million.
The check can be cashed immediately after signing it
He was so happy
Hold on.
100 million me free
Since he cares so much about Guoguo
Why don't you send him back to the Lin family to take care of you?
So you two broke up
Ah, it's going to be wonderful.
Okay, let's do it.
Since you are so reluctant to give up your brother
Come to me from now on and be a waiting dog
Why would you do that?
You broke the wet relic.
Do you think I will let you go?
What do you want?
I won't give it to you.
I deserve the son of a fish
It makes me sick.